Deprecate `meta_keywords()` (#6743)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/intro/maps.rst

See this :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_map_map_from_numpy_array.py` for a brief demonstration of generating a Map from a data array.

The keys required for the header information follow the `FITS standard <https://fits.gsfc.nasa.gov/fits_dictionary.html>`__.

> All the meta keywords used when creating a Map along with their description are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the metadata keywords that a Map will parse along with their description are listed below:
```

> cunit1: Units of the coordinate increments along naxis1 e.g. arcsec (required)

Reviewer: This currently looks like: https://sunpy--6743.org.readthedocs.build/en/6743/intro/maps.html#creating-custom-maps

Hopefully turning it into a table will look nicer.

Author: i see, totally, will get on that :+1:

Reviewer: I think this should probably go at the end of the page as well.

> `cunit1`: Units of the coordinate increments along naxis1 e.g. arcsec \**required

Reviewer: You will need to remove the ` on either side of the variable name and remove the `\**`

`wavelnth`: wavelength of observation
`waveunit`: unit for which observation is taken e.g. angstom
`obsrvtry`: name of observatory of observation
`telescop`: name of telescope of observation
`lvl_num`: FITS processing level
`crota2`: Rotation of the horizontal and vertical axes in degrees
`PC1_1`: Matrix element PCi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.
`PC1_2`: Matrix element PCi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.
`PC2_1`: Matrix element PCi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.
`PC2_2`: Matrix element PCi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.
`CD1_1`: Matrix element CDi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.
`CD1_2`: Matrix element CDi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.
`CD2_1`: Matrix element CDi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.
`CD2_2`: Matrix element CDi_j describing the rotation required to align solar North with the top of the image.

>      ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **sunpy** provides a Map header helper function to assist in creating a header that contains the correct meta information.
> This includes a utility function :func:`~sunpy.map.header_helper.make_fitswcs_header` that will return a header with the appropriate FITS keywords once the Map data array and an `astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` or `sunpy.coordinates.frames` is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``sunpy`` provides a helper, :func:`~sunpy.map.header_helper.make_fitswcs_header`, to assist in creating a header that contains the correct metadata.
This will return a header with the appropriate FITS keywords once the Map data array and an `astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` or `sunpy.coordinates.frames` is provided.
```

See this :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_map_map_from_numpy_array.py` for a brief demonstration of generating a Map from a data array.

The keys required for the header information follow the `FITS standard <https://fits.gsfc.nasa.gov/fits_dictionary.html>`__.
All the metadata keywords that a Map will parse along with their description are listed below:

> .. list-table:: Frozen Delights!

Reviewer: Did you mean to commit this?

Author: this happened by mistake, will fix this

     ...

The utility function :func:`~sunpy.map.header_helper.make_fitswcs_header` will return a header with the appropriate FITS keywords once the Map data array and an `astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` or `sunpy.coordinates.frames` is provided.
All the metadata keywords that a Map will parse along with their description are listed in the :ref:`Meta Keywords Table` at the end of this page.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ``sunpy`` provides a helper, :func:`~sunpy.map.header_helper.make_fitswcs_header`, to assist in creating a header that contains the correct metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``sunpy`` provides :func:`~sunpy.map.header_helper.make_fitswcs_header`, to assist in creating a FITS header that contains the correct metadata.
```

.. code-block:: python

    >>> my_map = sunpy.map.Map(data, header)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
